docs: add-pyth-as-oracle (#1964)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/for-devs/oracles/pyth/pyth.mdx

---

The [Pyth network](https://pyth.network/) a first-party oracle network, securely and transparently delivering real-time market data to [multiple chains](https://docs.pyth.network/price-feeds/contract-addresses).

The network comprises some of the world’s [largest exchanges, market makers, and financial services providers](https://pyth.network/publishers). These publish proprietary data on-chain for aggregation and distribution to smart contract applications.

## Pyth price feeds

The Pyth network introduces an innovative low-latency [pull oracle design](https://docs.pyth.network/price-feeds/pull-updates), where users can pull price updates on-chain when needed, enabling everyone in the blockchain environment to access that data point. Pyth network updates the prices every 400ms, making Pyth the fastest on-chain oracle.

Here is a working example of a contract that fetches the latest price of ARB/USD on the Arbitrum network.

You have to pass Pyth's contract address for Arbitrum mainnet/testnet and the desired price feed ID to fetch the latest price.

Install the Pyth SDK Solidity package in your project:

```tsx
npm install @pythnetwork/pyth-sdk-solidity
```

> And then simply in 3 lines of code you can fetch the latest price on Arbitrum network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then, in a few lines of code you can fetch the latest price on the Arbitrum network.
```
